Please answer the below core-java Questions:

What is programing language?
A.
-A programming language is a formal language, which comprises a set of instructions that produce various
kinds of output. Programming languages are used in computer programming to implement algorithms.

What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
A.
-JRE contains or composed of and defining each components :

-The Runtime Interpreter.
-The Compiler.
-The Applet Viewer.
-The Debugger.
-The Class File Disassembler.
-The Header and Stub File Generator.
-The Documentation Generator.
-Applet Demos.

What is IDE?
A.
-Integrated development environment.

What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
A.
-IntelliJ IDEA
=Eclipse
-NetBeans
-Xcode
-MyEclipse
-BlueJ
-Oracle JDeveloper
-Rational Application Developer for WebSphere Software

Explain the entire java life cycle.
-Java life cycle steps write by hello java:
-----------------------------------------
	-Java Life Cycle : Source code-->Java Compiler(Javac)-->Byte Codes(classname.class)-->JVM-->Os.


	-1. Source Code : We write some code in a note pad that becomes Source code.see below.

	    public class Hello{
	      public static void main(String [] args){
		  System.out.println("Hello Java!");
	      }
	    }

	 2. Java compiler: write javac(compiler) Hello.java (file name)then enter.
	    We call the compiler to compile(run)this source code to produce the bite code Which creates
	    (dot).class file.(So Java c is the compiler.When we download the JDK it has the compiler.
	    Thats why we need JDK.)

	 3. Byte Codes : write dir-enter(if we want to see the change).
	    Byte code need load to JVM for output.(keep in mind file name was Hello.java after compile it
	    becomes byte code(byte code is a machine language human does not understand)and file Hello.java
	    becomes Hello.class file.

	 4. JVM(java virtual machine):
        JVM is a loader so simply call the class which is Hello so write java Hello.

	 5. Os(operating System) : When we hit enter Jit operator will show the result or output(Hello Java).
	    (jit=just in time operator)

what is class?
-Class is blue print of an object.

What is object?
-Object is an instance of a class.

What is the entry point of an application?
-Application entry points are used to control users' access to different versions of an application
that is deployed on a platform. They are also used to create an application context to monitor the
resource usage for applications and to identify an application being run.

Why main is static?
-Java program's main method has to be declared static because keyword static allows main to be called
without creating an object of the class in which the main method is defined.

Which class is the superclass of all classes?
-Object is a super class of any class by default. The root class of the Java class hierarchy.

What is difference between path and classpath variables?
-.Path is an environment variable which is used by the operating system to find the executables.
  Classpath is an environment variable which is used by the Java compiler to find the path, of classes.
  ie in J2EE we give the path of jar files.

What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
-.Interface : Interface is a roadmap for concrete class.Before create class making design process.
 	         We cannot do implement method or create an object(instantiate) from interface.Only we can
 	         declare here.In interface all declare method are default abstract method(It remains in hide).

 		 But we must have to implement the whole interface class with method(not the only interface method)
 		 into the concrete class coz of interface roadmap and that roadmap(all interface method)must will be
 		 followed by the concrete class.This is all about interface.

Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ? if not how do you use it ?
-No we cannot make an object form an interface and abstract class.
what is Access Specifier?
What is OOP ? Define each feature of java OOP.
What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far.
Does java support multiple inheritance, explain why or why not?
What is method overloading and when it happens?
Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.
What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ?
What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?
What is final, finally and finalize?
What is a constructor ?
Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
What is "this" keyword in java ?
What is "super" keyword in java? How many possible way can you use?
What is JVM stand for ?
Is JVM platform independent?
What version of java are you using?
What is JAR stand for ?
What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
What is compile time and run time?
What is heap?
How java manage it's memory?
What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
What is Singleton class?
What is Serialization and Deserialization?
when to use transient variable in java?
Difference between while and do..while loop?
What is Enum?
What is Iterator?
Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
Why is String Immutable in Java?
What is constructor chaining in Java?
The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
What is JIT stands for?
Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
What is reflection in java and why is it useful?
what is multithreading in java?
What is the use of synchronization in Java?
What is Framework?
What are the testing Framework available in java?
Difference between jUnit and testNG?
What are the dependencies for this project?
what is dependency injection in java?
What is static binding and dynamic binding?









